## Tech Stack

The backend of the web app is built using Node.js and Express.js, providing robust and scalable APIs for managing projects, tasks, users, and resources. MongoDB is used as the database for storing all data. Backend server runs on port 8080. 

The backend also utilizes the following middleware:

1. Mongoose - Database middleware that allows schema definition and validation
2. Passport - Authentication middleware that allows local (username + password) and JWT (JSON Web Token) authentication
3. Express-session - Creation and storage of session data 
4. Cookie-parser - Cookie parsing

## Backend structure

Backend exposes the following endpoint: `/auth, /admin, /project, /resource`. Respective routes can be found under routes folder. 

Backend contains the following components/folders:

1. config - Passport authentication strategies
2. models - Database schemas to store projects, users and resources
3. routes - Routes for frontend-backend-database interactions
4. util - See below Notes section

## Database

Local mongoDB server typically runs on port 21017. In addition to downloading MongoDB, we can dowload GUI such like MongoDB Compass for visualization. 

## Notes

Couple things to set up before running the entire app:

1. `index.js` requires `MONGO_URI` and `SECRET_OR_KEY`. It requires a mongo connection and a secret key to sign and verify JWTs. The information should be stored in a `.env` file. Secret key can be generated by going to util folder, and run `node generateSecret.js`.
2. In our web app workflow, we require an admin account to approve signup requests. As a result, we must first create an admin account. This can be accomplished by going to util folder, and run `node createAdmin.js`.